Welcome to section number 10 on databases and Mongo D.B. in this section.
You're going to learn how to connect your know J.S. application to a database so you can store user
data.
We're also going to be starting our third of four apps in this section.
That is our task manager REST API.
This application is going to have all of the features you'd expect from a real world app.
We'll have user authentication with an email and password.
We'll have database data storage for user data.
Well I'll file upload support for a user profile images and we'll have email notifications and more.
Now before we get to any of that the focus in this section is on the very basics.
We're gonna start by setting up the database server on our machine.
Then we're gonna figure out how we can connect to that database from no J.S..
And from there we'll move on to explore how we can perform those four basic CRUD operations.
That is C for creating data are for reading data you for updating data and D for deleting data.
I'm excited to get to it.
So let's jump right in.